# JSFX
JSFX plugins for reaper   
JSFX effects to be put in: C:\Users\denis\AppData\Roaming\REAPER\Effects\user   
LUA action scripts to be put in: C:\Users\denis\AppData\Roaming\REAPER\Scripts   

**Script explanation:**    
* **Axis Floyd Project samples**: JSFX / EEL extension to play samples on Reaper for Axis Floyd Project band. Depending on which key from surface control was pressed, the corresponding sample was played. Deprecated, all the work has been moved to TOOLL3 / TiXL
* **Canap0 / Canap1**: LUA action that records an incoming audio IN on track 0 (track 1) : recording starts and stops at the next bar following midi key press. Once recording is done, recording is duplicated in track 0 (track 1) up to 200 measures and played. The goal is to be able to record a small loop (whatever number of bars) at first, and that is played all along the song, to allow jamming while it is playing.
* **rewind_X_bars**: call this action while reaper is playing. Calling it once will rewind the play position of 1 bar, after the playing of current bar is finished. Calling it twice will rewind the play position of 2 bars, etc. 
* **Joovs_*_in_tracklist**: LUA action that allows to navigate (first, previous, next) through a set of songs defined in Reaper for the Joov's band.  Each song is encoded on 4 tracks in reaper: 1 track as master for the song, 1 sub-track for the drum, 1 sub-track for the visual metronome (see midi_pedal project), 1 sub-track for sending midi program changes to my ZOOM MS60B+ bass effect pedal. The LUA script mutes all songs (all tracks) except the selected one (the master track of selected song is solo-ed). Song 1 is track 1-4, song 2 is track 5-8, song 3 is track 9-12, etc...
* **Joovs_*_in_playlist**: LUA action that allows to navigate (first, previous, next, last) through a set of songs defined in Reaper for the Joov's band. Contrary to the tracklist version, the playlist version does not use the song order defined in Reaper (Song 1 is track 1-4, song 2 is track 5-8, song 3 is track 9-12, etc...). It uses a song order defined in _playlist.txt_ file, also provided as example. _playlist.txt_ is a csv file that decribes a song per line, through 3 comma-separated values: "name of the song", BPM, drum. **"name of the song"** should be the name of the song's master track as defined in Reaper; that is, if "name of the song" is Subculture, then one of the songs defined in Reaper shall have its master track (see tracklist above) named as such. **BPM** is the bpm for that song (scripts adjusts Reaper's main BPM value). **drum** is a parameter that specifies that the drum sub-track of the song shall be played (assume that if Song's master track is track 1, then song's drum sub-track is track 2. If song's master track is track 5, then drum sub-track is track 6). Any other value than "drum", eg."no drum", "muted drum", "no" will mute the drum track. The 2 other sub-tracks (visual metronome and bass effect pedal midi program change) are never muted. The LUA script mutes all songs (all tracks) except the selected one (the master track of selected song is solo-ed). Navigation (first, previous, next, last) is done in the order defined in the _playlist.txt_, and not in the order the songs are defined in Reaper. That is, the first song of the playlist can correspond to tracks 13-16 of Reaper, the next one to tracks 5-8, etc... and the last one to tracks 1-4. There is no dependency on how the songs are organized in Reaper (provided you follow the rule of 1 Master track, and 1 drum sub-track, 1 metronome sub-track and 1 program change sub-track), as the organization of the songs is defined in the _playlist.txt_ file.
* **simplecsv**: is required for the Joovs_*_in_playlist script.
